ast3ros

medium

# Incentive can be miscalculated

## Summary

The versionStart and versionComplete of an incentive program can be mismatched with the intended start and end time if the product is not settled frequently.

## Vulnerability Detail

The actual duration of an incentive program is determined by `versionStart` and `versionComplete` in the `program` struct.

        struct Program {
            /// @dev Mapping of latest rewards settled for each account
            mapping(address => UFixed18) settled;

            /// @dev Total amount of rewards yet to be claimed
            UFixed18 available;

            /// @dev Oracle version that the program started, 0 when hasn't started
            uint256 versionStarted;

            /// @dev Oracle version that the program completed, 0 is still ongoing
            uint256 versionComplete;
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/Program.sol#L8-L20

On the other hand, the intended start time of the program can be assigned by the product manager when creating the program in the `ProgramInfo` struct.

        uint256 start;

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/interfaces/types/ProgramInfo.sol#L18

In reality, the timestamp in `versionStarted` and the `start` variables can be different. If the product is settled much later than the `start` in `ProgramInfo`, the timestamp of `versionStarted` will be much later than `start`.

        versionStarted = _start(self, programId, currentOracleVersion);

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/ProductManager.sol#L85

The same is also true for the timestamp in `versionComplete` and the `start + duration` in ProgramInfo. If the product is not settled frequently, the end of the program will be the product’s latest version, which is earlier than the `start + duration`.

        versionComplete = Math.max(versionStarted, product.latestVersion());

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/Program.sol#L63

The consequence is that a user who has a position in all the duration from `start` to `start + duration` may receive less rewards because the duration from `versionStarted` to `versionComplete` is shorter than the deserved duration that user should enjoy the reward. The `inactiveDuration` will be longer and users will have less rewards.

        uint256 inactiveDuration = programInfo.duration - (toOracleVersion.timestamp - fromOracleVersion.timestamp); 
        UFixed18 refundAmount = programInfo.amount.sum().muldiv(inactiveDuration, programInfo.duration);

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/Program.sol#L69-L70

## Impact

Users can receive less rewards due to mismatched start and end time of the program.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/Program.sol#L8-L20
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/interfaces/types/ProgramInfo.sol#L18
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/ProductManager.sol#L85
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/Program.sol#L63
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/incentivizer/types/Program.sol#L69-L70

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In determining the start and end of a program:
- if `versionStarted` timestamp is later than `start`, use `start`.
- When the program is complete, set the timestamp end as `start + duration`.

