rvierdiiev

medium

# Several contracts from root package use floating pragma ^0.8.13 and store value using assembly

## Summary
Several contracts from root package use floating pragma ^0.8.13 and store value using assembly. There is a bug in solidity up to 0.8.15, when you store smth and don't read it in same slot, then it will not be stored. Because perennial attracts developers to use their code it's possible that someone will use version that is below 0.8.15 and will face the bug.
## Vulnerability Detail
Perennial protocol attracts developers to built on their system. Because of that it's possible that developers will reuse the code inside perennial repo for their needs.
Inside `root` there are a lot of different base contracts(libraries) that are used through the whole code base of another packages.
These are Token18, Fixed18 for example.
Such libraries use assembly to store the value.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/number/types/Fixed18.sol#L373-L377
```solidity
    function store(Fixed18Storage self, Fixed18 value) internal {
        assembly ("memory-safe") {
            sstore(self, value)
        }
    }
```
And also they [use floating solidity `^0.8.13`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/number/types/Fixed18.sol#LL2C17-L2C24).
[There is a bug](https://blog.soliditylang.org/2022/06/15/inline-assembly-memory-side-effects-bug) up to 0.8.15 version of solidity when storing value using assembly.

Because of this floating solidity that means that developers will be able to use this library with version below 0.8.15 and as result they will face that error.
## Impact
Problems with integration.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/token/types/Token18.sol#L155-L159
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/number/types/Fixed18.sol#L373-L377
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend you to update solidity version for the libraries in the root, to avoid problems for developers.