mstpr-brainbot

high

# Vault is not checking if the takers in a product is zero

## Summary
The vault's current method of handling deposits and rebalancing does not take into account whether a product has any taker positions. This omission can lead to inefficient fund allocation, as products without taker positions do not contribute to funding fees or positioned profit and loss. An improvement would be for the vault to check for taker positions and bypass products that lack them during funding or rebalancing operations.
## Vulnerability Detail
When vault receives a new deposit or rebalances in its casual process it will compute the available maker by maker-taker. However, vault is not checking whether the products has some takers or not. If there are no takers then the accumulation of the product will not go through hence there will be no hedging. If there are no takers in a product, vault should skip putting funds into that product because it does not accrue funding fees nor positioned p&l. Vault should start winding down its position to maintain the proper hedge for its operations
## Impact
If the takers of the market is 0 then there will be no P&L and fee. That will eventually make the vault close to liquidations and vault depositors will lose funds. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-vaults/contracts/balanced/BalancedVault.sol#L440-L465

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-vaults/contracts/balanced/BalancedVault.sol#L526-L533

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/product/types/accumulator/VersionedAccumulator.sol#L111-L175
no accumulation
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
