roguereddwarf

medium

# CoordinatorDelegatable.sol: The contract does not allow to give a user limited power to set product params

## Summary
The `CoordinatorDelegatable` contract is supposed to safely allow the delegation of product admin privileges.
Specifically it allows to delegate the ability to set certain parameters for the product.

However the contract does not enforce the proper checks such that instead of safely delegating the ability to set these product params, the delegate can do severe damage to the product.

## Vulnerability Detail
The following parameters can be set by the delegate:
maintenance, takerFee, makerFee, makerLimit, utilizationBuffer, utilizationCurve.

Some parameters have safe boundaries set which shows that the delegate should not have free reign over the parameters.
These parameters are makerFee and takerFee which are capped at 1%

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/periphery/CoordinatorDelegatable.sol#L22

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/periphery/CoordinatorDelegatable.sol#L67-L81

Other parameters don't have a safe boundary such as the utilizationBuffer parameter:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/periphery/CoordinatorDelegatable.sol#L99-L101

0% utilizationBuffer means that no taker positions can be opened.

## Impact
Some of the parameters that a delegate can set are not properly restricted such that the ability to set these params cannot be safely delegated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/periphery/CoordinatorDelegatable.sol#L22

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/periphery/CoordinatorDelegatable.sol#L67-L81

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/periphery/CoordinatorDelegatable.sol#L99-L101

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is necessary that there are sensible boundaries for all parameters that can be set, such that the harm that a delegate can cause is limited.
Optionally it can be made possible for the owner of the `CoordinatorDelegate` to set these limits instead of hardcoding them.