Bauchibred

medium

# Insufficient Validation of Oracle Price Freshness in Chainlink-Prefixed Contracts

## Summary

Contracts in the Chainlink-prefixed ecosystem rely on the `latestRoundData()` function to fetch price data but do not validate the freshness of the returned data. The absence of these validation checks exposes the protocol to potential risks of operating with stale or incorrect price data.

## Vulnerability Detail

Various Chainlink-prefixed contracts, directly or indirectly, make calls to the `latestRoundData()` function. However, these contracts do not implement checks to ensure that the prices retrieved are fresh. Consequently, the protocol could potentially operate based on stale or incorrect prices, leading to erroneous calculations and decisions. This vulnerability is evident in contracts such as [ChainlinkAggregator.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/0f73469508a4cd3d90b382eac2112f012a5a9852/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36) among others.

Take a look at [ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/0f73469508a4cd3d90b382eac2112f012a5a9852/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36)

```solidity
    function getLatestRound(ChainlinkAggregator self) internal view returns (ChainlinkRound memory) {
        (uint80 roundId, int256 answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) =
            AggregatorProxyInterface(ChainlinkAggregator.unwrap(self)).latestRoundData();
        return ChainlinkRound({roundId: roundId, timestamp: updatedAt, answer: answer});
    }
```

As seen, though the `updareAt` variable is uncommented there is no freshness check on the timestamp (i.e `updareAt` )of the prices, so old prices may be used if [OCR](https://docs.chain.link/architecture-overview/off-chain-reporting) was unable to push an update in time

## Impact

The failure to validate the freshness of the price data can lead to the protocol depending on outdated or incorrect price data. The implications of this vulnerability can be severe, potentially resulting in incorrect valuations, poor risk management, and substantial financial losses for users of the protocol.

## Code Snippet

[ChainlinkAggregator.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/0f73469508a4cd3d90b382eac2112f012a5a9852/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36)

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

To address this vulnerability, it is advised to incorporate freshness checks when retrieving prices from Chainlink oracles. A staleness threshold could be introduced, ensuring that price data used by the protocol is recent and accurate, thereby mitigating potential negative consequences associated with stale or incorrect prices.
