moneyversed

medium

# Lack of Input Validation on `linearInterpolation` method in `CurveMath18.sol` and `CurveMath6.sol`

## Summary:
The linearInterpolation method in both libraries CurveMath18 and CurveMath6 accepts several parameters. However, there's no explicit checks that verify if these parameters make sense in terms of their order. For example, there is no check ensuring that startX is indeed smaller than endX.

## Vulnerability Detail:
In both the CurveMath18 and CurveMath6 libraries, the `linearInterpolation` method uses the input parameters to perform some calculations, yet it does not explicitly validate if startX is less than or equal to endX. If these input values are not properly ordered, the function could lead to incorrect results.

## Impact:
The impact of this vulnerability is Medium. Incorrect results from this function could potentially impact any contracts that use these libraries, leading to unexpected behavior in the contract's logic and potential financial losses.

## Code Snippet:

```solidity
function linearInterpolation(
    UFixed18 startX,
    Fixed18 startY,
    UFixed18 endX,
    Fixed18 endY,
    UFixed18 targetX
) internal pure returns (Fixed18) {
    if (targetX.lt(startX) || targetX.gt(endX)) revert CurveMath18OutOfBoundsError();

    UFixed18 xRange = endX.sub(startX);
    Fixed18 yRange = endY.sub(startY);
    UFixed18 xRatio = targetX.sub(startX).div(xRange);
    return yRange.mul(Fixed18Lib.from(xRatio)).add(startY);
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/curve/CurveMath18.sol#L23-L36

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/curve/CurveMath6.sol#L23-L36

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation:
Before proceeding with the calculations, add a validation check to ensure that startX is less than or equal to endX. This check will help ensure that the interpolation makes sense and reduces the risk of unexpected function results.

## Proof of Concept (Steps to reproduce the vulnerability):
Steps to reproduce this vulnerability are based on the use of incorrect parameters. Using the `linearInterpolation` function with `startX` larger than `endX` would trigger this issue. 
