IamZKdevETH

high

# Potential Malicious Burning of Shares by Smart Contracts with Phished Allowance

## Summary
The [redeem](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-vaults/contracts/balanced/BalancedVault.sol#L184) function in the provided Solidity code may have a potential issue related to the consumption of allowances. The original code includes the _burn(account, shares) function call, which burns the specified amount of shares for the account passed as a parameter. However, it's important to note that this code assumes the msg.sender is the same as the account.

In scenarios where the msg.sender is a smart contract interacting with the redeem function on behalf of a user, it's crucial to consider potential vulnerabilities. If the smart contract maliciously bypasses the spending approval mechanism and phishes the allowance of a user, it could impersonate the user and call the redeem function with a different account address.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability in the redeem function arises from the assumption that the msg.sender is always the same as the account being redeemed on behalf of. The code checks if the msg.sender is different from the account and calls the _consumeAllowance function to ensure prior spending approval. However, it proceeds to call _burn(account, shares) without verifying if the msg.sender is the actual owner of the shares.

This vulnerability creates a potential attack vector when the msg.sender is a smart contract interacting with the redeem function on behalf of a user. If the smart contract maliciously bypasses the spending approval mechanism and phishes the allowance of a user, it can impersonate the user and call the redeem function with a different account address. As a result, the _burn function will burn the shares of the impersonated account, causing an unwanted loss of funds.


## Impact
The potential impact of this vulnerability is the loss of funds due to unwanted burning of shares.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
 /**
     * @notice Redeems `shares` shares from the vault
     * @dev Does not return any assets to the user due to delayed settlement. Use `claim` to claim assets
     *      If account is not msg.sender, requires prior spending approval
     * @param shares The amount of shares to redeem
     * @param account The account to redeem on behalf of
     */
    function redeem(UFixed18 shares, address account) external {
        if (msg.sender != account) _consumeAllowance(account, msg.sender, shares);

        (EpochContext memory context, EpochContext memory accountContext) = _settle(account);
        if (shares.gt(_maxRedeemAtEpoch(context, accountContext, account))) revert BalancedVaultRedemptionLimitExceeded();

        if (currentEpochStale()) {
            _pendingRedemption = _pendingRedemption.add(shares);
            _pendingRedemptions[account] = _pendingRedemptions[account].add(shares);
            _pendingEpochs[account] = context.epoch + 1;
            emit Redemption(msg.sender, account, context.epoch + 1, shares);
        } else {
            _redemption = _redemption.add(shares);
            _redemptions[account] = _redemptions[account].add(shares);
            _latestEpochs[account] = context.epoch;
            emit Redemption(msg.sender, account, context.epoch, shares);
        }

        _burn(account, shares);

        _rebalance(context, UFixed18Lib.ZERO);
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this risk, it is recommended to modify the code to ensure that the _burn function is only called for the msg.sender and not for a different account. This can be achieved by replacing _burn(account, shares) with _burn(msg.sender, shares) in the code.