XDZIBEC

medium

# XO-Overflow vulnerability in the `increment()` Function

## Summary
- The vulnerability `increment()` Function, is that the `amount` variable is not checked for overflow. This means that if the `amount` variable is `greater` than the maximum value of a `UFixed6`, and If the `amount` variable is greater than `999,999,` then the `div` function will `overflow` and the `increment` function will crash.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
*/
    function increment(UAccumulator6 memory self, UFixed6 amount, UFixed6 total) internal pure {
        self._value = self._value.add(amount.div(total));
    }
}
```
- There is a vulnerability in the  `UAccumulator6Lib` library, especially in the `increment()` function , the problem is that the `amount` variable is not checked for `overflow`., means that if the `amount` variable is `greater` than the `maximum` value of a` UFixed6` which is a `6-digit` unsigned` fixed-point` number and also the maximum value of a `UFixed6` is `999,999, `then the `div` function will `overflow` and the increment function will crash, ab attacker can exploit this and cause the contract to crash. The attacker can do this by sending a transaction to the contract with a large value for the amount variable
## Impact
- An attacker could send a transaction to the contract with a large value for the `amount` variable. This cause the `div` function to `overflow` and crash the contract.
- An attacker could create a malicious contract that calls the increment function with a large value for the `amount` variable. this cause the calling contract to crash.
- An attacker could create a malicious smart contract that interacts with the contract that contains the vulnerability. this allow the attacker to steal funds or cause other damage.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/accumulator/types/UAccumulator6.sol#L42C5-L46C2
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Add check `if (amount > UFixed6.max) {throw;}` to the `increment` function, this check will prevent the `amount` variable from `overflowing` and `crashing` the `increment` function