XDZIBEC

medium

# XO-`Initializing` the contract with a version of `0` will revert the contract.

## Summary
- The contract will revert if it is `initialized` with a version of `0` because the code does not check for a minimum version. This could cause problems for users of the contract, such as user frustration and loss of funds.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
  /// @dev Can only be called once per version, `version` is 1-indexed
    modifier initializer(uint256 version) {
        if (version == 0) revert UInitializableZeroVersionError();
        if (_version.read() >= version) revert UInitializableAlreadyInitializedError(version);

        _version.store(version);
        _initializing.store(true);

        _;

        _initializing.store(false);
        emit Initialized(version);
    }
```
- The `initializer` modifier is used to ensure that the contract can only be `initialized` once. The first line of the modifier checks to see if the version is equal to `0`. If it is, the contract will` revert`. This is because the code does not check for a minimum version, this could cause problems for users of the contract. First, if a user tries to` initialize` the contract with a version of `0`, the contract will revert. This could lead to user `frustration`. Second, if a user tries to `initialize` the contract with a version that is `less` than the minimum version, the contract will also revert. This could lead to loss of funds.
## Impact
- the vulnerability  could lead to loss of funds.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/control/unstructured/UInitializable.sol#L23C3-L36C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- add a check for a minimum version to the `initializer` modifier. an example `if (version < 1) revert UInitializableZeroVersionError();`, this will ensure that the contract can only be initialized with a version that is greater than or equal to 1. This will prevent the problems that I mentioned earlier.