XDZIBEC

high

# XO-`unpack` function of `PackedFixed18Lib` allows data loss through improper type casting

## Summary
- There is s a vulnerability in the `unpack` function, the `PackedFixed18` has a variable is outside of the range of a `int256` variable. This can be exploited by an attacker and could lead to a loss of data
## Vulnerability Detail
 ```solidity
function unpack(PackedFixed18 self) internal pure returns (Fixed18) {
        return Fixed18.wrap(int256(PackedFixed18.unwrap(self)));
    }
}
```
-the problem is that `PackedFixed18Lib` library has vulnerability,so the `unpack` function that is specially when is the vulnerability.  for details the value of the `PackedFixed18` variable to a `int256` variable so  if the value of the `PackedFixed18` variable is outside of the range of a `int256` variable  this can cause a security issues. For example, if the value of the `PackedFixed18` variable is greater than `1.7014118e+20,` the cast will cause the value to be truncated, which could lead to a loss of data.
- Let's say that we have a `PackedFixed18` variable called `x` that has the value `1.7014118e+21`. This value is outside of the range of a `int256` variable, so when we cast it to a `int256`, the value will be truncated to `1.7014118e+20`. This means that we will lose data, which could be exploited by an attacker.
## Impact
- this vulnerability could exploited by hacker so for example we have a contract that stores the value of a `PackedFixed18` variable in a public variable. An attacker could create a transaction that sets the value of the public variable to a value that is outside of the range of a `int256` variable. When the contract `unpacks` the value of the public variable, it will be truncated, which will cause the contract to lose data. The attacker could then use this data loss to exploit the contract.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/number/types/PackedFixed18.sol#L20C3-L28C2
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- to fix the vulnerability use this function:
```solidity
function unpack(PackedFixed18 self) internal pure returns (Fixed18) {
    return Fixed18(PackedFixed18.unwrap(self));
}
```
- the value of the `PackedFixed18` variable to a `int256` variable. This will ensure that the value of the `PackedFixed18` variable is not truncated
