XDZIBEC

medium

# XO-Division by Zero Vulnerability in `unsafeDiv` Function

## Summary
-a vulnerability in the `unsafeDiv` function. If an attacker can control the input to functions that call `unsafeDiv`, they can exploit this vulnerability by providing a zero `divisor`. This leads to a `division by zero`, causing an exception that is caught by the calling function. 
## Vulnerability Detail
 ```solidity
 */
    function unsafeDiv(UFixed18 a, UFixed18 b) internal pure returns (UFixed18) {
        if (isZero(b)) {
            return isZero(a) ? ONE : MAX;
        } else {
            return div(a, b);
        }
    }

    /**
```
- the vulnerability is present  in the `if` statement,  the `isZero `function returns `true` if `b` is zero so the `if` statement only checks if `isZero(b)` is true. It does not check if `isZero(a)` is true  means that if `a` is zero, the function will divide by zero, this will cause an exception, this vulnerability can be exploited by  calling the `unsafeDiv` function with a zero divisor `unsafeDiv(0, 1);` the function is called with a zero divisor, it will divide by zero, which will cause an exception. the exception will then be caught by the calling function, and the attacker can then control the execution of the code.
## Impact
- an attacker can control the input to the  `unsafeDiv` function, this can lead to  gains control over the code execution.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/number/types/UFixed18.sol#L144C4-L153C8
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- the if statement should be modified to include a check for both `a` and `b` being zero. By doing so, the code can prevent unintended division by zero.