XDZIBEC

high

# XO- `ChainlinkRoundLib's`L`phaseId` Function Allows Bypassing Security Measures for Non `64` bit Round `IDs`

## Summary
-The vulnerability in `phaseId()` function. The issue arises from a `hard-coded` `PHASE_OFFSET` constant set to `64v. As a result, the function can only handle `Chainlink` round `IDs` that are exactly `64` bits wide. If the round `ID` exceeds `64` bits, the function fails to process it correctly and rejects the `ID`, 
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
function phaseId(ChainlinkRound memory self) internal pure returns (uint16) {
        return uint16(self.roundId >> PHASE_OFFSET);
    }
```
- There is a vulnerability in the `ChainlinkRoundLib` library, the problem is present in the `phaseId()` function, in this function, the `PHASE_OFFSET` constant is `hard-coded` to `64`, means  that the function will only work correctly if the `Chainlink` round `ID` is exactly `64` bits wide. so the `Chainlink` round `ID` can be up to `128` bits wide, means that this function will fail if the `Chainlink` round `ID` is greater than `64` bits, this vulnerability can be exploited by an attacker to create a round `ID` that is greater than `64` bits. this round `ID` would then be rejected by the `phaseId()` function, which would allow the attacker to bypass the security checks that are in place to prevent unauthorized access to the contract.
## Impact
- an attacker can bypass security checks designed to prevent unauthorized access to the contract
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/equilibria-xyz/perennial-mono/blob/b06d5145db62a312dd88dfcafef0f8e2166c5e32/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkRound.sol#L26C3-L32C9
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
-  make the `PHASE_OFFSET` constant a variable that can be set by the user. This would allow the user to set the `PHASE_OFFSET` constant to the correct value for their `Chainlink` network.