XDZIBEC

medium

# XO-`phaseId` function leading to Invalid round `ID` can be created.

## Summary
- The vulnerability in the `phaseId` function. This function retrieves the `Chainlink` phase `ID` from a round. The vulnerability arises from shifting the round `ID` by `64` bits, which can be exploited by an attacker. By creating a round `ID` with the high `64` bits set to zero, the `phaseId` function will incorrectly return `0,` even if the round is in a valid phase. 
## Vulnerability Detail
 ```solidity
function phaseId(ChainlinkRound memory self) internal pure returns (uint16) {
        return uint16(self.roundId >> PHASE_OFFSET);
 
```   
- The  the `ChainlinkRoundLib` library has vulnerability present in the `phaseId` function, this function is used to get the `chainlink` phase `ID` from a round. The function works by shifting the round `ID` by `64` bits, this allow an attacker to exploit this vulnerability by creating a round `ID` with the high `64` bits set to `0.` This would cause the `phaseId` function to return `0,` even though the round is actually in a valid phase. The attacker could then use this to their advantage, such as by preventing users from accessing data about the round. 
## Impact
- This vulnerability can be exploited by an attacker to create a round `ID` with the high `64` bits set to `0.` This would cause the `phaseId` function to return `0,` even though the round is actually in a valid phase. The attacker could then use this to their advantage, such as by preventing users from accessing data about the round.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkRound.sol#L27C3-L27C3
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- changing the `phaseId` function to check if the high `64` bits of the round `ID` are set to `0.` If they are, the function should return an invalid phase `ID.`