rvierdiiev

high

# ChainlinkOracle.sync provides different rounds with same version id

## Summary
ChainlinkOracle.sync provides different rounds with same version id when transition to new phase is done.
## Vulnerability Detail
In order to make versions to increase by 1, `ChainlinkOracle` uses phases.
```solidity
struct Phase {
        uint128 startingVersion;
        uint128 startingRoundId;
    }
```
Each phase has `startingVersion`, which is usually `startingVersion` of previous phase + [amount of rounds that were done in previous phase](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L70-L71C53). Also phase has `startingRoundId`, which is just real chainlink round that is first for the new aggregator(stage).

This is how perennial calculates oracle version.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L104-L108
```solidity
    function _buildOracleVersion(ChainlinkRound memory round) private view returns (OracleVersion memory) {
        Phase memory phase = _phases[round.phaseId()];
        uint256 version = uint256(phase.startingVersion) + round.roundId - uint256(phase.startingRoundId);
        return _buildOracleVersion(round, version);
    }
```
`round.roundId - uint256(phase.startingRoundId)` is just sequence number of aggregator's round. However it's sequence number - 1. And when we add this to `phase.startingVersion` then we have oracle version.

Let's look into example.
1.Phase 1 has `phase.startingVersion == 0` and `phase.startingRoundId == 101`.
2.After 10 rounds it is finished. Which means that last oracle version is 10 now.
3.Round 201 is syncing and phase 2 is created and has `phase.startingVersion == 0 + 10` and `phase.startingRoundId == 201`
4.When `_buildOracleVersion` for round 201 is done, then ` uint256 version = uint256(phase.startingVersion) + round.roundId - uint256(phase.startingRoundId); == 10`, which means that now both last round of first phase and first round of new phase have same version 10.
## Impact
As result same version is used to determine 2 different rounds. Because of that wrong price can be used for operation. 
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You can change version calculation to
`uint256 version = uint256(phase.startingVersion) + round.roundId - (uint256(phase.startingRoundId) - 1)`;