n33k

high

# _chargeFee in MultiInvoker could be an unwitting accomplice of fishing attack

## Summary

`_chargeFee` is granted excessive abilities, which could be exploited by malicious user interface to steal from users with the help of the `MultiInvoker` contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `_chargeFee` function inside MultiInvoker should only be able to take a portion of user's trading values as the interface fee. While the implementation allows to take over all the user approved USDC.

```solidity
function _chargeFee(address receiver, UFixed18 amount, bool wrapped) internal {
    if (wrapped) {
        USDC.pull(msg.sender, amount);
        _handleWrap(receiver, amount);
    } else {
        USDC.pullTo(msg.sender, receiver, amount);
    }
}
```

## Impact

Malicious website can steal users with various methods, they can trick users to sign a malicious message, approve or call a malicious contract, etc. Users will usually notice these fishing behaviors when wallet promots them to sign a transaction that approves or calls a suspicious contract address.

Users who tend to interact with this project will trust and sign the transactions that approve and call the `MultiInvoker` contract address. However, if they are interacting with a malicious interface, the interface can set the `amount` parameter to the approved USDC amount to steal users. Users usually won't notice this abnormal bytes in the calldata and some wallets even don't decode and show the calldata to users.

The malicious interface's tracks are not stored on chain so he can escape easily after the crime and leave this project to bear the blame. This could severely damage the project's reputation and might lead to legal complications.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/multiinvoker/MultiInvoker.sol#L385-L392

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Record the total trading amount in the MultiInvoker actions.
2. Ensure _chargeFee is the last action and only take a restricted portion of the total trading amount.