XDZIBEC

high

# XO-`settle` function does not check if the `pre` variable is actually set

## Summary
- The `settle` function does not check if the `pre` variable is set, which could allow an attacker to create a malicious `PrePosition` that has a zero value for the taker and maker fields. If the attacker were able to do this, they could then call the settle function and cause the contract to revert.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
   */
    function settle(
        VersionedPosition storage self,
        uint256 latestVersion,
        IOracleProvider.OracleVersion memory toOracleVersion
    ) internal {
        (Position memory newPosition, bool settled) =
            positionAtVersion(self, latestVersion).settled(self.pre, toOracleVersion);

        self._positionAtVersion[toOracleVersion.version] = newPosition.pack();
        if (settled) delete self.pre;
    }
}
```
- The vulnerability in the settle function so the problem is that there is a  line  is that it does not check if the `pre` variable is actually set. so we have the The `pre` variable is a global variable that stores the current global `pending-settlement` position `delta,` and The `settle` function is called when the global position is `settled` to a new oracle version. so The `settle` function calls the `settled` function on the current global position, passing in the `pre` variable and the new oracle version and the `settled` function calculates the new global position after `settlement.` so If the `pre` variable is not `set,` then the settled function will throw an error. and The `settle` function does not check if the `pre` variable is set, so an attacker could create a malicious `PrePosition` that has a zero value for the taker and maker fields. If the attacker were able to do this, they could then call the settle function and cause the contract to revert.
## Impact
- An attacker could create a malicious `PrePosition` that has a zero value for the taker and maker fields. If the attacker were able to do this, they could then call the `settle` function and cause the contract to revert.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/product/types/position/VersionedPosition.sol#L47
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- add The `require` statement to check if the `pre.taker` and `pre.maker` variables are both greater than `0`.