MohammedRizwan

medium

# Chainlink's latestRoundData might return stale or incorrect results

## Summary
Chainlink's latestRoundData might return stale or incorrect results

## Vulnerability Detail
## Impact
The getLatestRound() function in the contract ChainlinkAggregator.sol fetches the asset price from a Chainlink aggregator using the latestRoundData function. However, there are no checks on roundID, resulting in stale prices. The oracle wrapper calls out to a chainlink oracle receiving the latestRoundData().

Stale prices could put funds at risk. According to Chainlink's documentation, This function does not error if no answer has been reached but returns 0, causing an incorrect price fed to the PriceOracle. The external Chainlink oracle, which provides index price information to the system, introduces risk inherent to any dependency on third-party data sources. For example, the oracle could fall behind or otherwise fail to be maintained, resulting in outdated data being fed to the index price calculations. Oracle reliance has historically resulted in crippled on-chain systems, and complications that lead to these outcomes can arise from things as simple as network congestion.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/equilibria-xyz/perennial-mono/blob/b06d5145db62a312dd88dfcafef0f8e2166c5e32/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding missing checks for stale data.

For example:

```solidity

(uint80 roundID, int256 feedPrice, , uint256 timestamp, uint80 answeredInRound) = feed.latestRoundData();
require(feedPrice > 0, "Chainlink price <= 0"); 
require(answeredInRound >= roundID, "Stale price");
require(timestamp != 0, "Round not complete");
```