ak1

medium

# oracle - freshness of price value is not checked.

## Summary

contract has chain-link oracle where the `latestRoundData` and `getRoundData` are used to fetch the price and used throughout the contract.

But the freshness of its value is not validated.

## Vulnerability Detail

`ChainlinkAggregator.sol` has the following functions. price value is fetched and updated as ChainlinkRound for further use.

    function getLatestRound(ChainlinkAggregator self) internal view returns (ChainlinkRound memory) {
        (uint80 roundId, int256 answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) =
            AggregatorProxyInterface(ChainlinkAggregator.unwrap(self)).latestRoundData();
        return ChainlinkRound({roundId: roundId, timestamp: updatedAt, answer: answer});
    }


    /**
     * @notice Returns a specific round's data for a specific feed
     * @param self Chainlink Feed Aggregator to operate on
     * @param roundId The specific round to fetch data for
     * @return Specific round's data
     */
    function getRound(ChainlinkAggregator self, uint256 roundId) internal view returns (ChainlinkRound memory) {
        (, int256 answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) =
            AggregatorProxyInterface(ChainlinkAggregator.unwrap(self)).getRoundData(uint80(roundId));
        return ChainlinkRound({roundId: roundId, timestamp: updatedAt, answer: answer});
    }

 but, the freshness of these values are not valudated.

## Impact

Stale oracle price value would be used.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L48

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Follow the chain-link recommendation to validate the freshness of data.
