Bauchibred

medium

# Using Chainlink oracles would cause issues when the aggregator hits min answer



## Summary

Chainlink aggregators, are solely relied upon as the oracle, can encounter issues when the aggregator hits the minimum answer price. This vulnerability arises from the circuit breaker mechanism built into Chainlink aggregators, which causes the aggregator to return the minimum price instead of the actual price when an asset experiences a significant drop in value. As a result, users can continue to interact with the protocol with an incorrect price, leading to potential exploits. An example of such an incident occurred with Venus on BSC during LUNA's collapse ([source](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/)).

## Vulnerability Detail

Multiple Chainlink-prefixed contracts utilize the `latestRoundData()` function to retrieve round data from Chainlink oracles. Chainlink aggregators employ circuit breakers, including minimum and maximum prices, to limit price fluctuations. However, if the price of an asset falls below the minimum price, the protocol will still value the token at the minimum price, disregarding its actual value. This allows users to interact with the protocol using incorrect pricing.

For instance, consider TokenA with a minimum price set at $1. If the price of TokenA drops to $0.10, the aggregator will still return $1. Consequently, users can interact with TokenA in protocol as if it were valued at $1, resulting in a capacity that is 10 times higher than its actual value.

It's important to note that since Chainlink oracles are intended to be used as the oracle system in the protocol. However, relying solely on Chainlink is bad and though combining it with other oracles eases the possibility of this vulenrabiltiy it does not completely eliminate it. Cause even when using additional oracles such as UniswapV3Oracle, which employs a long TWAP, the vulnerability persists if the TWAP price nears the minimum price during a downward trend. In such cases, another oracle becomes irrelevant as the matching prices from the two oracles can bypass it. Similarly, if other oracles like Band are employed, a malicious user can launch a DDoS attack on relayers to manipulate pricing updates.

An example of this vulnerability can be found in the [ChainlinkAggregator.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/0f73469508a4cd3d90b382eac2112f012a5a9852/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36) contract.

## Impact

In the event of a crash in asset prices (e.g., LUNA), the protocol can be susceptible to manipulation and exploit by leveraging inaccurate pricing.

## Code Snippet

Instances of the vulnerable code snippet can be found in [ChainlinkAggregator.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/0f73469508a4cd3d90b382eac2112f012a5a9852/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36) and numerous other Chainlink-prefixed contracts.

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, it is recommended to perform a simple check on the returned answer against the minimum and maximum price bounds. If the answer falls outside these bounds, the protocol should revert to prevent further operations based on incorrect pricing. The following code snippet demonstrates this check:

```solidity
if (answer >= maxPrice || answer <= minPrice) {
```
