0xChinedu

medium

# ChainlinkAggregator will return the wrong price for asset if underlying aggregator hits minAnswer

## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value, the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue borrowing with the asset but at the wrong price. This is exactly what happened to [Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).
## Vulnerability Detail
ChainlinkAggregator.getLatestRound() pulls the associated aggregator and requests round data from it. ChainlinkAggregators have minPrice and maxPrice circuit breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below the minPrice, the protocol will continue to value the token at minPrice instead of it's actual value. This will allow users to take out huge amounts of bad debt and bankrupt the protocol.
Related report: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/18

Example:
TokenA has a minPrice of $1. The price of TokenA drops to $0.10. The aggregator still returns $1 allowing the user to borrow against TokenA as if it is $1 which is 10x it's actual value.
## Impact
In the event that an asset crashes, the protocol can be manipulated to give the asset an inflated price.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/types/ChainlinkAggregator.sol#L32-L36
```solidity
    function getLatestRound(ChainlinkAggregator self) internal view returns (ChainlinkRound memory) {
        (uint80 roundId, int256 answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) =
            AggregatorProxyInterface(ChainlinkAggregator.unwrap(self)).latestRoundData();
        return ChainlinkRound({roundId: roundId, timestamp: updatedAt, answer: answer});
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
ChainlinkAggregator should check the returned answer against the minPrice/maxPrice and revert if the answer is outside of the bounds:
```solidity
        (uint80 roundId, int256 answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) =
            AggregatorProxyInterface(ChainlinkAggregator.unwrap(self)).latestRoundData();
+   if (answer >= maxPrice or answer <= minPrice) revert();
```