mstpr-brainbot

high

# If long and short products has different maker fees, vault rebalance can be spammed to eat vaults balance

## Summary
In a market scenario where long and short products carry different position fees, continuous rebalancing could potentially deplete the vault's funds. This situation arises when closing positions incurs a maker fee, which gradually eats away at the collateral balance. The rebalancing cycle continues until the fee becomes insignificant or the collateral balance is exhausted.
## Vulnerability Detail
If a market's long and short products have different position fees, continuous rebalancing could be an issue. A significant position fee difference might deplete all funds after repeated rebalancing.

Consider a scenario with one market, where the long product has a 0% maker fee (position fee), and the short product a 10% maker fee. A vault holding 100 positions divided across these markets, with 50 short and 50 long positions, and collateral balances of 50-50 each, is presented.

Now, suppose the vault and the product are entirely in sync (meaning they're of the same version). If someone deposits 100 assets into the vault, it would distribute that deposit, adding 50 to both product's collateral balances, bringing them to 100 each. The vault then increases its position to 100 to maintain the 1x leverage. The long market would match this since it has no maker fee, but the short market would lose 5 from its collateral due to the fee charged by the openMake operation. As a result, the market now has 95 in the short market and 100 in the long market collateral. This imbalance triggers a rebalancing operation via sync().

After the second call to sync(), the collateral balances would be 97.5 in both markets, and the markets would reduce their positions to maintain the 1x leverage. The long market would reduce its position to 97.5, but when the short market does the same, the closeMake operation's fee charge reduces the short market collateral by 0.25, resulting in final balances of 97.5 in the long market and 97.25 in the short market. This imbalance again allows a call to settle...

As seen if the difference between the products are high the rebalance will start eating the vaults collateral balance by paying redundant maker fees.

The above scenario assumes only one market with two products. If there are two markets, the situation could be more troublesome due to the additional fee charges and potentially higher losses.
## Impact
Since the vaults funds can be drained significantly if certain cases are met (high makerFee set by market owner and big collateral balance differences between markets or directional exposure on vault causing the collateral balance differences higher than usual so more funds to rebalance hence more fee to pay). I'll label it as high. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-vaults/contracts/balanced/BalancedVault.sol#L137-L149

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial-vaults/contracts/balanced/BalancedVault.sol#L426-L533

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/product/Product.sol#L341-L355

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/collateral/Collateral.sol#L147-L153
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider accounting the positionFee if there are any on any of the markets or assert that both of the markets has the same positionFee. 