rvierdiiev

medium

# fundingFee should be updated in same way as makerFee, takeFee, positioFee

## Summary
`fundingFee` can be changed by product coordinator. It uses `settleProduct` modifier, which calls `settle` function for a product that will settle product as `latestVersion  -> settleVersion  -> currentVersion`. While `makerFee, takeFee, positioFee` can be changed only when previous position is settled. They are changed like latestVersion  -> settleVersion  -> fee change -> currentVersion.
## Vulnerability Detail
Inside `settle` function there is [`_settleFeeUpdates` call](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/product/Product.sol#L113), which is done just after previous period is settled. This is done to not affect previous traders, that agreed on previous fees, when they did trade.
So when transition is done from `latestVersion to settleVersion`, then this fees are applied. And only then transition is done from `settleVersion to currentVersion` which already uses new fees.

So when owner wants to change takerFee for example, then in case if position is not settled yet, then this [update will be queued](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/product/UParamProvider.sol#L183-L189).

However, there is one more fee, that coordinator can provide and that can affect traders. It's `fundingFee` and it [can be updated only after `settle` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-perennial/blob/main/perennial-mono/packages/perennial/contracts/product/UParamProvider.sol#L117). 
That means that transition will be done from latestVersion to settleVersion and to currentVersion adn only then fees will be applied.

This is incorrect and should be done in same way as `makerFee, takeFee, positioFee`.
## Impact
Fees are changed later then needed
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change `fundingFee` in same way as `makerFee, takeFee, positioFee`. In case if `pre` is not empty, then queue update.